c:\users\gvashakidze\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
c:\users\gvashakidze\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
c:\users\gvashakidze\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
c:\users\gvashakidze\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gvashakidze\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form1.resources
c:\users\gvashakidze\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\gvashakidze\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gvashakidze\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
c:\users\gvashakidze\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form1.resources
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Rules.resources
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe.config
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.exe
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.pdb
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Form1.resources
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Rules.resources
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\obj\Debug\WindowsFormsApplication3.Menu.resources
C:\Users\gvashakidze\Desktop\New folder\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\WindowsFormsApplication3\bin\Debug\Tetris.exe.config
